Okay. So, hi, everyone. Good morning. This is so awesome. Welcome to the Kotlin Dev Room
at FOSDEM 2023. Well, it's been two long years since we saw us in person. I still remember
when we had the first Kotlin Dev Room in 2020 and, like, not as many people as today, like,
literally, I'm impressed. Like, I think we had a bigger room and way less people, which was like,
I don't know how many people will actually show up. But, yeah, today we are so many and, again,
super excited to get this kicked off. And as we get this kicked off, well, I want to give
out, like, a little bit of stats. First, I'm so proud to share that this year we received so
many proposals for talks. We actually received more proposals than the Go Dev Room, than the
Rust Dev Room, than the JavaScript Dev Room, which is happening tomorrow in the same Dev Room. And,
by the way, like, if you're so much into Kotlin, make sure you don't miss tomorrow's JavaScript
Dev Room opening talk by Luis. I don't know. Is Luis in the room today? He's finishing his
slides. But, yeah, he will open the JavaScript Dev Room, speaking out a ditched JavaScript
for Kotlin. So you definitely don't want to miss that. And so, like, a couple of other interesting
talks about Kotlin also in the friends of the open JDK Dev Room tomorrow. So, check the agenda.
There are, like, a lot of interesting content. So, back to the people to thank. Well, first,
I want to give a big shout out to the Dev Room managers. So, thank you. It's me, Martin, Sergei,
which is there, Olga and Marco. And we do these in our free time. Like, we don't get paid for that.
And it's just, like, it's so awesome to get in touch with the community and hear your stories,
connect with you. And, well, thanks for showing up and coming. I want to say thank you to
Jabrains for supporting us. So, every speaker today will get a t-shirt. Plus, we do have some
stickers and stuff to give away. So, stay tuned. But, yeah, Jabrains is supporting us in organizing
this Dev Room. And I want to say thank you to the speakers, which prepared content and, yeah,
just made the Dev Room possible. So, thank you very much. And, yeah, now back to Martin.
So, we have a packed agenda for today with more than 15 talks. There is no, sorry, I do not get
this good. Yeah. This is the agenda. So, it's available online. You can go on the FOSDEM website.
You also have an Android app. I'm not sure about an iOS app. I think some, there is, okay. So,
you have apps. Make sure to check it out. We have a lot of content today. And there is no
lunch break at all. So, you have to organize yourself to just decide what you want to do or
just bring some sandwiches. Or you can eat some waffles, too, if you want. We have free waffles.
That's it. If you want more Kotlin, as Nico said, there is a talk tomorrow in the JavaScript.
I mean, you have a lot of Kotlin content today and tomorrow. If you want to discuss more and have
some beers, we meet tonight at the GIST. It's in the center of Brussels. The address is not here,
but you can look it up on Google. And let's meet there. Just when the dev room closes,
we will go there. We can meet or just meet directly there at 8 p.m. Am I doing this one?
I think you're doing this one? Or am I doing, I think I'm doing this one.
All right. So, like the last years, we will have a live chat on Slack. If you are not on Slack,
give me a shout. Or we will have links on here. I think, Nico, you prepared. Deeplings.
Pingas there. There's the Fostum room. This is, I think, the Deepling to Slack room itself. If
you are not signed up yet, for whatever reason, use this link. Ask me if you need it again and
you can't take a picture right now. And this is also a good place to be because, as Nico already
said, we do have a couple of giveaways. Thanks to JetBrains, we have, I think, three licenses
to give away. How this works, I will let you know on the Slack and on Twitter and on Mastodon.
Yeah, essentially, so keep an eye on there. Ask me how this works. Essentially, if you ping me
there, if you treat a post, if you two to post a picture or something. I will see you put on the
hashtag Fostum Kotlin 23 or Fostum for 23, something like that. I will let you know. And you can
win this one at the end of the day. I wanted to say the year would be quite a long time. I think
that's it from my end. If you have any questions around this, approach me. I will be some there
here or close to the coffee. Okay, fine. Yeah, prepared as always. Thank you so much for coming.
Yeah. We will, yes, we will do. Good point. Yeah, here we go. Better. Excellent. Right,
so then enjoy the day, have fun, network, speak to each other, cold, whatever. Enjoy.